README.md, before:

ARDroneSDK3
===============

**Welcome to the Software Development Kit for Parrot Drones Version 3.**

It can be used to write applications which control the latest generation of Parrot Drones:
- Bebop Drone
- Rolling Spider
- Jumping Sumo
- Skycontroller

<br>
  
The SDK provides the source code you need to do everything provided by the freeflight 3 application:
- discover the drones on the network
- connect the drones
- send piloting and camera commands
- configure the drones
- get informations (depends on drones capabilities)
- get H264 video stream on bebop
- get MJpeg video stream on Jumping Sumo
- transfer Photos / videos
- update the drones
- handle Drone Academy / Mavlink files
- and everything which pops out of your mind

<br>

**The easiest way to control a drone is to create a device controller thanks to the [libARController](https://github.com/Parrot-Developers/libARController)**. This lib is quite new, we are still working hard on it. It is still in **beta state**, but you can use it. Two samples which use this new API are available : [JSPilotingNewAPI](https://github.com/Parrot-Developers/Samples/tree/master/Unix/JSPilotingNewAPI) for Unix and [RSPilotingNewAPI](https://github.com/Parrot-Developers/Samples/tree/master/iOS/RSPilotingNewAPI) for iOS. More will come. This library is quite slow to compile for the moment, we are working on it :)

It's BSD license allows to use, change, distribute with no restriction.
Contributions and new feature discussions are highly appreciated.

**The latest release version is tagged ARSDK3_version_3_1_0**

Usage
-------------
Please read [the install documentation](https://github.com/ARDroneSDK3/Docs/blob/master/Installation/INSTALL)

Samples
---------
You can find [samples files](https://github.com/ARDroneSDK3/Samples.git). These samples will help you to build the interface between products and controllers. 
Feel free to use and adapt them to your needs.

License
---------
Please read the [license file](https://github.com/ARDroneSDK3/ARSDKBuildUtils/blob/master/LICENSE.md).

Commit message:

[INTEGRATION] Introduced new forum for questions: http://forum.developer.parrot.com/

README.md, after:

ARDroneSDK3
===============

**Welcome to the Software Development Kit for Parrot Drones Version 3.**

It can be used to write applications which control the latest generation of Parrot Drones:
- Bebop Drone
- Rolling Spider
- Jumping Sumo
- Skycontroller

<br>
  
The SDK provides the source code you need to do everything provided by the freeflight 3 application:
- discover the drones on the network
- connect the drones
- send piloting and camera commands
- configure the drones
- get informations (depends on drones capabilities)
- get H264 video stream on bebop
- get MJpeg video stream on Jumping Sumo
- transfer Photos / videos
- update the drones
- handle Drone Academy / Mavlink files
- and everything which pops out of your mind

<br>

**The easiest way to control a drone is to create a device controller thanks to the [libARController](https://github.com/Parrot-Developers/libARController)**. This lib is quite new, we are still working hard on it. It is still in **beta state**, but you can use it. Two samples which use this new API are available : [JSPilotingNewAPI](https://github.com/Parrot-Developers/Samples/tree/master/Unix/JSPilotingNewAPI) for Unix and [RSPilotingNewAPI](https://github.com/Parrot-Developers/Samples/tree/master/iOS/RSPilotingNewAPI) for iOS. More will come. This library is quite slow to compile for the moment, we are working on it :)

It's BSD license allows to use, change, distribute with no restriction.
Contributions and new feature discussions are highly appreciated.


**The latest release version is tagged ARSDK3_version_3_1_0**

Usage
-------------
Please read [the install documentation](https://github.com/ARDroneSDK3/Docs/blob/master/Installation/INSTALL)

Questions
----
**If you have any questions, please open a new DroneSDK topic on the [Parrot Developer forum](http://forum.developer.parrot.com/).**

Samples
---------
You can find [samples files](https://github.com/ARDroneSDK3/Samples.git). These samples will help you to build the interface between products and controllers. 
Feel free to use and adapt them to your needs.

License
---------
Please read the [license file](https://github.com/ARDroneSDK3/ARSDKBuildUtils/blob/master/LICENSE.md).
